docs improvement (#1765)
spidernet-io/spiderpool: docs/concepts/annotation.md

- `ipv4` (array, optional): Specify which Subnet is used to generate IPPool and allocate the IPv4 address. When `enableIPv4` in the ConfigMap `spiderpool-conf` is set to true, this field is required.
- `ipv6` (array, optional): Specify which Subnet is used to generate IPPool and allocate the IPv6 address. When `enableIPv6` in the ConfigMap `spiderpool-conf` is set to true, this field is required.

### ipam.spidernet.io/ippool-ip-number

> This annotation is used within [SpiderSubnet](../usage/spider-subnet.md) feature. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This annotation is used with the [SpiderSubnet](../usage/spider-subnet.md) feature. 
```

Author: within is alright

Reviewer: 在这个特性内使用 annot，有点奇怪 😄

Author: done

It specifies the IP numbers of the corresponding SpiderIPPool (fixed and flexible mode, optional and default '+1').

```yaml
ipam.spidernet.io/ippool-ip-number: +1
```

### ipam.spidernet.io/ippool-reclaim

> This annotation is used within [SpiderSubnet](../usage/spider-subnet.md) feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This annotation is used with the [SpiderSubnet](../usage/spider-subnet.md) feature.
```

Author: 'within' is alright
